- * ONE, TWO, THREE,
FOUR, FIVE, SIX *
* SHAKE IT, DUDE
*
- * CUE THE PULSE TO BEGIN
* CUE THE PULSE TO BEGIN
* CUE THE PULSE
TO BEGIN *
* CUE THE PULSE TO BEGIN
*
- I DON'T GIVE A SHIT.
I NEED TO TALK TO HIM NOW.
STUART, I CAN'T DO THIS.
I-I WON'T DO THIS.
I'LL GIVE
THE GODDAMN MONEY--
- I DON'T KNOW,
I'VE GOT A CELL PHONE,
A BEEPER, AND HE STILL SAID
HE CAN'T REACH HIM.
- ALL RIGHT, OKAY,
I'LL LISTEN.
GO ON.
I KNOW THAT.
YEAH.
- WHAT THE FUCK
IS GOING ON HERE?
- YOUR SUBJECT'S
BEING MOST UNCOOPERATIVE.
- HE SAID HE MADE A BIG MISTAKE.
HE'S TALKING TO HIS AGENT.
- WELL, DID YOU REMIND HIM
THAT HE HAS A CONTRACT?
- YEAH, I THOUGHT WE'D LEAVE
THAT LITTLE TIDBIT TO YOU.
- LOOK, NOW IT'S MY TURN,
AND YOU'RE GOING
TO FUCKING LISTEN TO ME.
I'M GOING TO LEAVE HERE
RIGHT NOW.
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
NO, I'M NOT GOING
TO "GRIN AND BEAR IT."
YOU GOTTA GET ME
OUT OF THIS.
- ANYTHING I CAN DO TO HELP?
- YEAH.
YOU CAN GET ME MY PANTS.
- OH.
BEFORE I DO THAT, WHY DON'T
WE DISCUSS YOUR CONCERNS?
- THERE'S NOTHING TO DISCUSS.
I'M NOT DOING IT.
- [chuckles]
UH, IT'S A LITTLE BIT LATE
FOR THAT, ISN'T IT?
- I'M DREW BOYD.
I CALL THE SHOTS.
- EXCEPT WHEN I HAVE THE BALL.
- I'M FEELING KIND OF EXPOSED,
YOU KNOW?
I'M NOT USED TO STANDING AROUND
IN MY SHORTS.
- WHAT ABOUT
IN THE LOCKER ROOM?
YOU STAND AROUND
IN A LOT LESS.
- IN THE LOCKER ROOM,
EVERYONE IS SHOWING THEIR ASS.
- [chuckles]
COME.
[country rock music]
*
- NICE, DREW.
GOOD.
A LITTLE SMILE.
GOOD, NICE.
THAT'S IT, DREW.
OKAY, PUT THE BALL UP.
HIGH UP.
YOU WON THE GAME.
- CHRIST, HE'S HOT.
- LOOK OVER THERE.
- WHAT A PITY HE'S STRAIGHT.
- WELL, EVEN IF HE WEREN'T,
YOU THINK HE'D FUCK YOU
WEARING THOSE?
- OKAY, TONE IT DOWN A BIT.
- WASN'T EXPECTING TO BE
STANDING AROUND IN MY SHORTS.
- NOW GO UP FOR A LONG PASS.
THAT'S GOOD. I LIKE IT.
BEAUTIFUL.
- I DON'T KNOW IF HE'S
GOING TO SELL ANY UNDERWEAR,
BUT HE SURE AS HELL IS GOING
TO SELL A LOT OF KLEENEX.
- OH, YES.
THAT'S NICE, DREW.
- OH, YEAH.
- BEAUTIFUL.
LET'S GET SERIOUS NOW.
YEAH.
- * MAMA SAYS
DON'T PLAY WITH MATCHES *
* BUT IT'S A LESSON
THAT I NEVER LEARNED *
* LORD KNOWS THAT
I'VE BEEN DRAWN TO STRANGERS *
- YOU KNOW,
ONCE I GOT USED TO EVERYBODY
STARING AT ME IN MY SHORTS,
IT GOT TO BE A REAL TURN-ON.
- BUT ONLY I KNOW
WHAT'S UNDER THEM.
[chuckles]
GUESS WE'D BETTER GET UP.
- WHAT'S YOUR HURRY?
- WELL, AS SOON
AS WE'RE THROUGH,
YOU ALWAYS BOUND OUT OF BED
AND RACE TO THE SHOWER,
SO I JUST ASSUMED...
- WHY DON'T WE JUST LIE HERE?
- YOU SURE?
- YOU SEE ME MOVING?
- [chuckles]
WOW!
WHAT'S THE WORLD COMING TO?
FIRST A KISS,
THEN STICKING AROUND.
NEXT THING YOU KNOW, YOU'LL
BE ASKING ME TO THE BIG GAME.
[chuckles]
YEAH, I SAID TOO MUCH,
DIDN'T I?
- [sighs]
YOU KNOW THE RULES.
- I KNOW.
WHAT GOES ON IN THIS ROOM
IS BETWEEN YOU, ME,
AND THE FOUR WALLS
AND MUST NEVER LEAVE HERE
ON PENALTY OF DEATH.
- YOU GOT IT, SPORT.
- HMM.
[door closing]
- HEY, LEAVE A MESSAGE.
- [scoffs]
STRAIGHT TO VOICE MAIL.
WHAT WAS THE POINT
OF GETTING HIM A CELL PHONE
IF HE'S NOT
GOING TO PICK UP?
[door opening]
[phone rings]
THAT'S ME GOING OFF
IN YOUR POCKET.
HOW ABOUT ANSWERING IT
FOR A CHANGE?
- WHAT'S UP YOUR ASS?
- IT'S PAST 11:00.
- YOU MISSED CURFEW AGAIN.
WHERE YOU BEEN?
- STUDYING WITH A FRIEND.
- EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK?
- WE'RE WORKING ON A PROJECT.
- WHO IS THIS FRIEND?
- SOMEONE FROM SCHOOL.
- AND THE PROJECT?
- IT'S FOR SCIENCE.
- PENICILLIN'S
ALREADY BEEN DISCOVERED.
WHAT HAVE YOU FOUND?
- WHAT'S WITH
ALL THE FUCKING QUESTIONS?
- WE WOULD LIKE
AN HONEST ANSWER.
- I TOLD YOU THE TRUTH.
IF YOU DON'T WANT TO BELIEVE ME,
THAT'S YOUR PROBLEM.
[door slams]
- I HATE TO SAY IT.
- YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
I ALREADY KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE THINKING.
- IF HE'S OUT HUSTLING AGAIN,
I WILL FUCKING
RIP HIS BALLS OFF,
AS MY DEAR MOTHER
WOULD SAY.
- LET'S HOPE WE'VE INSTILLED
MORE SELF-RESPECT IN HIM
THAN THAT.
- AFTER THE WAY
HE'S BEEN ACTING?
- WHATEVER IT IS,
WE'LL FIND OUT EVENTUALLY.
- THEN WHAT?
- THEN WE'LL JUST HAVE
TO DEAL WITH IT.
- [groans]
- NEED SOME HELP?
- UH, NO.
THANKS.
I CAN DO IT.
I DO IT EVERY MORNING.
[keys clatter]
AH, SHIT!
- [groans]
MY BACK'S BEEN KILLING ME
EVER SINCE
I DID THAT GODDAMN MURAL.
I HOPE MICHELANGELO
HAD A GOOD CHIROPRACTOR.
WHY HAVEN'T YOU
RETURNED MY CALLS?
- I'VE BEEN BUSY.
- HMM.
- THE SHOW'S
BEEN A HUGE SUCCESS.
ISN'T THAT GREAT?
ALMOST EVERYTHING'S SOLD.
- ANOTHER MONTH
OF ALIMONY PAYMENTS.
MY WIVES
WILL BE ETERNALLY GRATEFUL.
I WANT TO SEE YOU.
- I CAN'T.
- WHY NOT?
- "WHY NOT?"
TRY "I'M MARRIED."
- [scoffs]
- I HAVE A CHILD,
ANOTHER ONE ON THE WAY.
OH, AND DID I
HAPPEN TO MENTION,
LEST WE FORGET,
THAT I'M A LESBIAN?
- AND DID I MENTION THAT
YOU SURE DON'T FUCK LIKE ONE?
- OH, JESUS CHRIST, SAM.
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BE
SO CRUDE?
- YOU DIDN'T MIND
THE OTHER NIGHT,
ROLLING AROUND ON THE FLOOR,
RUTTING LIKE A COUPLE OF--
- WHAT HAPPENED THE OTHER NIGHT
WAS A MISTAKE.
A HUGE MISTAKE.
- WAS IT?
- [sighs]
YES, IT WAS.
LOOK, SAM,
YOU INSPIRE ME.
YOU CHALLENGE ME.
YOU MAKE ME LAUGH.
I ADMIRE YOU SO MUCH.
I...
GUESS I GOT CONFUSED.
YOU KNOW?
AND CROSSED A LINE
I SHOULDN'T HAVE.
- WHEN I WAS A KID...
I DIDN'T RESPECT THE LINES.
IN MY COLORING BOOKS,
I ALWAYS CROSSED THE LINES,
DIDN'T OBEY THE RULES AT ALL.
I DON'T THINK THAT'S ALWAYS
SUCH A BAD THING.
- FOR AN ARTIST, NO.
BUT FOR A PERSON...
SOMETIMES IT MAKES SENSE
TO READ THE MANUAL
AND FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS...
DULL AS THAT MAY SOUND
TO YOU.
- WHAT ABOUT
THE PART OF YOU
THAT SECRETLY YEARNS
FOR SOMETHING ELSE?
THE PART OF YOU THAT BOTH OF US
KNOW IS THERE.
- MY HOUSE HAS MANY ROOMS.
I OCCUPY BUT A FEW.
THE REST GO UNVISITED.
- WHO SAID THAT?
- I DID.
[keys jingle]
[door opening]
[door shuts]
- NICE CHEST.
- I'LL SAY.
- I THINK HE'S TALKING
ABOUT THE FURNITURE.
- THAT TOO.
- UNCLE VIC LEFT IT
TO THE HOSPICE IN HIS WILL.
- HE WAS ALWAYS A GOOD FRIEND
AND A GREAT SUPPORTER.
OH, I CAN'T TELL YOU
HOW MUCH WE APPRECIATE THIS.
WE NEED ALL THE HELP
WE CAN GET.
- HOPEFULLY, THIS NEW EVENT
COORDINATOR WILL COME THROUGH.
- HE'D BETTER.
- WELL, THEY SAY HE RAISED
OVER A MILLION DOLLARS
FOR A HOSPICE
IN CINCINNATI, SO--
- A MILLION?
MY GOD,
IF WE RAISE HALF THAT,
WE'LL BE IN HEAVEN.
HERE.
LET ME TAKE THAT.
THANKS.
[indistinct chatter]
- HEY, FREDDY,
HOW ABOUT THOSE IRONMEN?
AIN'T THEY SOMETHING ELSE?
- [hoarse]
YEAH, SOMETHING ELSE, ALL RIGHT.
- HONEY, YOU OUGHT
TO TAKE SOMETHING FOR THAT COLD.
EMMETT!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
READING THE SPORTS PAGE?
LET ME GET YOU
THE STYLE SECTION, SWEETHEART.
- NO, NO, DEB.
THESE DAYS, THE SPORTS PAGE
WILL DO ME JUST FINE.
- HEY, DEB.
- HEY, BOB.
HAVEN'T SEEN YOU IN AN AGE.
WHERE YOU BEEN?
- WELL, I WAS, UH, I WAS LAID UP
WITH SOME BACK TROUBLE,
BUT I'M ON MY FEET AGAIN.
- YEAH?
- HOW YOU BEEN?
- LIFE TOOK A COUPLE
OF POTSHOTS, BUT...
I DUCKED.
- SO YOU SEEN CARL?
- NO, NOT LATELY.
- I FIGURED
HE'D BE TAKING YOU TONIGHT.
- TAKING ME WHERE?
- THE POLICEMAN'S BALL.
HE TOOK YOU LAST YEAR,
DIDN'T HE?
- YEAH, HE TOOK ME.
- I REMEMBER, 'CAUSE, UH,
YOU LOOKED REAL NICE.
- THANKS.
I GUESS, UH, THIS YEAR,
HE MUST BE TAKING
SOMEONE ELSE.
- EXCUSE ME, OFFICER,
BUT ANYONE CAN GO
TO THE POLICEMAN'S BALL.
AM I CORRECT?
- ANYONE WHO BUYS A TICKET.
UH, I'LL TAKE
THE PINK PLATE SPECIAL,
BUT MAKE MINE BLUE.
- YOU GOT IT.
DON'T TELL ME
YOU'RE THINKING OF GOING.
- IF I CAN FIND A DATE.
- YEAH, GOOD LUCK.
- HEY.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
- ME?
WHAT, ARE YOU
OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND?
- WHY NOT?
- WELL, YOU JUST HEARD.
CARL'S GOING TO BE THERE,
PROBABLY WITH THAT...
LADY HE'S BEEN SEEING.
- SO?
THAT'S NO REASON NOT TO GO.
IN FACT, ALL THE MORE REASON
TO BE THERE.
SHOW HIM WHAT HE'S MISSING.
- [scoffs]
NOT MUCH.
- NOW, NOW.
LET'S KEEP OUR SELF-ESTEEM,
AND OUR TITS, UP.
- EVEN IF I WANTED TO GO,
WITH MY TITS UP,
I GOT NOTHING
TO DRAPE 'EM IN.
- JUST LEAVE THAT
TO YOUR FAIRY GOD--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M NOT EVEN GOING TO SAY IT.
TOO TRITE.
HOWEVER,
YOU WILL LOOK FABULOUS.
I GUARANTEE.
- WHAT HAVE I DONE?
NOW HE WANTS TO SEE ME AGAIN,
AND OF COURSE, I TOLD HIM NO.
IT'S OUT OF THE QUESTION.
WE CAN NEVER,
NEVER DO THAT AGAIN.
- IS HE HUNG?
- OH, BRIAN!
- I'M JUST CURIOUS.
[chuckles]
YOU'RE THE LAST PERSON
I THOUGHT
I'D EVER DISCUSS DICK WITH.
- THIS ISN'T ABOUT DICK.
- SINCE WHEN?
- I LOVE MELANIE.
- [pats shoulder]
SURE, YOU DO.
- THEN HOW COULD I HAVE--
- FUCKED A GUY?
- IT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
- ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE.
IT'S EXPLAINING IT
THAT'S THE TRICKY PART.
- BUT I'VE ALWAYS BEEN,
YOU KNOW--
- A CARPET MUNCHER.
- MMM.
EXCEPT FOR THAT ONE TIME
IN COLLEGE WHEN...
YOU AND I...
BUT THAT WAS JUST--
- MIDSUMMER MADNESS.
- [laughs]
- STILL, THERE IS
A PART OF YOU THAT,
ONCE EVERY DECADE OR SO,
DOESN'T OBJECT
TO A STIFF PRICK.
BELIEVE ME, I UNDERSTAND.
- I'M NOT SO SURE
MELANIE WOULD.
- THEN DON'T TELL HER.
- [sighs]
YOU'RE A BIG HELP.
- HEY.
IT'S OKAY TO LIKE COCK.
AND IT'S OKAY TO LIKE PUSSY,
JUST NOT AT THE SAME TIME.
SO...
WHICH ONE DO YOU LIKE?
[bells jingle]
- WELL, LOOK WHO IT IS.
COME TO SHOOT THE BREEZE?
HAVE A HEART-TO-HEART?
SPEND A LITTLE QUALITY TIME
WITH YOUR DASHING YOUNG DAD?
- I NEED 20 BUCKS.
- I KNEW IT.
WHAT DO YOU WANT IT FOR?
- MY UPWARDLY MOBILE
LIFESTYLE.
BEING A TEENAGER'S EXPENSIVE.
- YOU SHOULD HAVE THOUGHT
OF THAT BEFORE YOU BECAME ONE.
- HMM.
SO CAN I HAVE IT?
- WHY SHOULD I REWARD YOU
FOR MISSING YOUR CURFEW
AND BEING DISRESPECTFUL
TO US?
- HOW THE FUCK
AM I BEING DISRESPECTFUL?
- BY NOT TELLING US THE TRUTH.
- I TOLD YOU.
- LOOK, I'M NOT ABOVE PAYING
FOR INFORMATION,
BUT FIRST,
YOU'VE GOT TO COME CLEAN.
- I TOOK A SHOWER
THIS MORNING.
- ARE YOU HUSTLING AGAIN?
- IF I WAS HUSTLING,
WOULD I BE ASKING YOU
FOR 20 BUCKS?
- GOOD POINT.
BUT THEN AGAIN,
MAYBE YOU'RE JUST TRYING
TO THROW ME OFF THE TRACK.
- FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.
I'M KIND OF DATING SOMEONE,
OKAY?
- REALLY?
- YEAH, REALLY.
IS THAT SO HARD TO IMAGINE?
- NO, NO, NOT AT ALL.
THAT'S--
IT'S GREAT, BUT I--
WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST SAY SO?
- YOU KNOW HOW KIDS ARE
AT MY AGE.
WE'RE TRYING TO DEVELOP
A SENSE OF SELF,
WHICH OFTEN MANIFESTS ITSELF
IN A RELUCTANCE
TO COMMUNICATE WITH PARENTS
AND OTHER AUTHORITY FIGURES.
- HERE'S 30.
GO TO THE MOVIES.
- SWEET.
[bells jingle]
[phone dialing]
- BEN?
I HOPE YOU'RE SITTING DOWN.
GUESS WHAT.
OUR BOY HAS A BOYFRIEND.
- YOU SURE I DON'T LOOK
LIKE A FIRE HYDRANT?
I WOULDN'T WANT ANY DOGS
MAKING A MISTAKE.
- YOU DO NOT LOOK
LIKE A FIRE HYDRANT.
- YOU'RE POSITIVELY GLOWING.
- I DON'T MIND GLOWING,
AS LONG AS I'M NOT RADIOACTIVE.
OH, SHIT, THERE'S CARL.
- OH.
- YES, DEAR?
- I SHOULD SAY...
- WHAT DO I DO?
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
WHAT DO YOU DO?
YOU STAND THERE AND GLOW.
[both forcing laughter]
AH.
- OH, HI, CARL.
- DEBBIE. EMMETT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- WELL, IT'S A BALL TO RAISE
MONEY FOR THE COPS, ISN'T IT?
AND I'VE ALWAYS HAD A SOFT SPOT
FOR MEN IN UNIFORM.
- AND I'VE ALWAYS
HAD A HARD SPOT.
- DEBBIE, EMMETT,
THIS IS KATHERINE,
THE PERSON I TOLD YOU ABOUT.
- IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU BOTH.
YOU'RE CERTAINLY JUST AS...
COLORFUL AS CARL
SAID YOU WERE.
- THANKS.
- WILL YOU EXCUSE ME
FOR A MOMENT, CARL?
I'M JUST GOING
TO THE POWDER ROOM.
- WOULD ANYONE LIKE A DRINK?
- OH, GOD, YES.
- GOD, YES.
- I, UH--
I WASN'T EXPECTING
TO SEE YOU.
- I HOPE IT DOESN'T MAKE YOU
UNCOMFORTABLE.
- NO, NO. I LIKE--
I MEAN, I-IT'S NICE--
I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE HELL
I'M TRYING TO SAY.
- YOU LOOK VERY HANDSOME.
- A-AND YOU LOOK VERY...
- RED?
[both laughing]
- I'M GLAD TO SEE YOU'RE
GETTING OUT, ENJOYING YOURSELF.
- WELL, LIFE GOES ON,
YOU KNOW?
YOU GOT NO CHOICE
BUT TO GO ON WITH IT.
[soft music]
*
THAT, UM--THAT SONG.
THEY PLAYED THAT LAST YEAR.
- YEAH, THEY PLAY IT
EVERY YEAR.
THEY OUGHT TO GET
SOME NEW MATERIAL.
- WE DANCED TO IT.
- I KNOW.
- YOU'RE VERY GOOD
ON YOUR FEET.
[chuckles]
MAYBE WE COULD TAKE
A QUICK SPIN AROUND THE FLOOR,
AS FRIENDS, OF COURSE.
- WELL, SHALL WE GO IN NOW?
- SURE.
- NICE TO MEET YOU, DEBORAH.
DON'T YOU JUST LOVE
THIS SONG?
- YOU WANT TO DANCE?
*
- TWO FOR YOU.
- [chuckles]
*
[A Long, Long Ride]
- * GONNA TAKE YOU
ON A LONG, LONG RIDE *
* I'M GONNA TAKE YOU
ON A TRIP NOW *
- * TAKE ME AWAY
- * A LONG, LONG RIDE
- * RIDING
NEATH THE STARRY SKY *
- * TAKE ME AWAY
- * RIDING TILL
WE SAY GOOD-BYE *
* RIDING
NEATH THE STARRY SKY *
- SIGN UP HERE
FOR THE LIBERTY RIDE.
IF YOU CAN'T RIDE,
WE GLADLY ACCEPT DONATIONS.
HOW ARE WE DOING?
- 37 RIDERS SO FAR.
ONE GUY OFFERED ME $1,000
IF I'D SHOW HIM MY COCK.
- I HOPE YOU SAID YES.
[chuckles]
- MAY WE HAVE YOUR ATTENTION,
PLEASE, EVERYONE?
- THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR COMING OUT TONIGHT
IN SUPPORT
OF LIBERTY RIDE.
[cheers and applause]
- THE PROFITS WILL BE GOING
TO HELP KEEP
THE LIBERTY HOUSE HOSPICE OPEN,
SO LET'S TRY AND RAISE
AS MUCH MONEY
AS WE POSSIBLY CAN.
[cheers and applause]
- IN ORDER TO DO THAT,
THE CENTER HAS ENLISTED
ONE OF THE TOP FUND-RAISERS
IN NORTH AMERICA,
A MAN WHO GAVE UP A LUCRATIVE
LAW PRACTICE IN TORONTO
TO MAKE MILLIONS
FOR VARIOUS ORGANIZATIONS
WITH HIS WALK-A-THONS,
DANCE-A-THONS,
MARATHONS, TRIATHLONS.
YOU NAME IT, HE'S FOUND A WAY
TO MAKE MONEY OUT OF IT.
- WE'RE FORTUNATE TO HAVE
HIS HELP AND SUPPORT,
SO LET US INTRODUCE YOU
TO JEFFREY PENDERGRASS.
[cheers and applause]
- THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
THANK YOU ALL VERY MUCH.
IT'S GREAT TO BE HERE
IN PITTSBURGH.
[cheers and applause]
I'M GRATEFUL
TO THE GAY AND LESBIAN CENTER
AND ALL OF ITS SUPPORTERS
FOR ASKING ME
TO HELP MAKE THIS THE BEST
AND MOST PROFITABLE EVENT EVER.
SO I HOPE YOU ALL SIGN UP,
GET ON YOUR BIKE,
AND CROSS THE FINISH LINE.
BUT TONIGHT, LET'S ALL
HAVE A GOOD TIME, HUH?
[cheers and applause]
*
- ONE OF THOSE.
THANKS.
- [clears throat]
BUY YOU A DRINK?
- IT'S AN OPEN BAR.
PARTY'S ON ME.
- NOTHING IS FREE.
- JEFFREY PENDERGRASS.
- BRIAN KINNEY.
IT'S JUST AN OBSERVATION,
JEFFREY, BUT...
WOULDN'T THE MONEY THAT
YOU'RE SPENDING HERE TONIGHT
TO SAY,
"HELLO, PITTSBURGH, HELLO,"
BE BETTER SPENT HELPING
TO KEEP THE HOSPICE OPEN?
- ACTUALLY, BRIAN, I FIND
WHEN THE DRINKS FLOW FREELY,
SO DO THE DONATIONS.
- THIS GUY BOTHERING YOU,
JEFFREY?
- NO, NOT AT ALL.
JUST REVEALING SOME OF MY
UNDERHANDED BUSINESS PRACTICES.
WELL, I BETTER
GO WORK THE ROOM.
HOPE WE CAN COUNT
ON YOUR PLEDGE, BRIAN.
- WHAT THE HELL
WAS THAT ALL ABOUT?
- YOU KNOW ME, MEL,
ALWAYS STIRRING UP THE SHIT.
[moaning]
- DO YOU WANT ME TO SUCK YOU?
- UH...
NO, NO, THAT'S OKAY.
- HAS ANYBODY
EVER SUCKED YOU BEFORE?
- YEAH.
- OH.
- A LOT OF GIRLS?
- NO.
- I'VE ONLY DONE IT TWICE.
ONCE AT SUMMER CAMP
AND ONCE WITH MY LAST BOYFRIEND.
YOU DON'T THINK
THAT MAKES ME A SLUT, DO YOU?
- HARDLY.
- BESIDES, IT'S NOT REAL SEX.
I HAVEN'T HAD REAL SEX YET.
HAVE YOU?
- N-N-NOT REALLY.
BUT I THINK ABOUT IT.
- ME TOO.
BUT I PROMISED TO DISCUSS IT
WITH MY PARENTS FIRST
BEFORE I DO.
WE'RE LIKE BEST FRIENDS.
HOW ABOUT YOURS?
- I DON'T THINK
I'LL TELL THEM.
- HOW COME?
- THEY'RE NOT LIKE YOUR FOLKS.
- IN WHAT WAY?
- THEY'RE...TWO GUYS.
- YOU MEAN THEY'RE GAY?
THAT'S SO COOL.
- I DON'T KNOW
HOW COOL THEY'D BE
IF I TOLD THEM
ABOUT YOU AND ME.
- WELL, THEY DON'T EXPECT YOU
TO BE GAY JUST BECAUSE THEY ARE.
- I DON'T KNOW.
- WELL...
I'LL BE GLAD TO TELL THEM
YOU'RE STRAIGHT,
IF IT EVER COMES UP.
[footsteps approaching]
- HEY.
- HOW'D IT GO?
- OH, GREAT!
THIS GUY PENDERGRASS
IS GOING TO HELP US
RAISE A SHITLOAD OF MONEY.
- OH, THAT'S GOOD.
- YEAH.
- I'M SORRY YOU WEREN'T THERE.
- ME TOO.
I GOT THIS DAMN HEADACHE.
- MMM. ANY BETTER?
- A LITTLE.
- OH, I BLAME SAM FOR IT.
- WHAT?
- THE STRESS
OF DOING THE SHOW...
LIVING UP TO HIS EXPECTATIONS
AS WELL AS YOURS.
BUT YOU DID IT.
- MM, THAT FEELS NICE.
- MMM.
- [gasps]
MEL.
- MMM.
- MEL?
MIND IF WE...
DO IT LATER?
- SORRY.
I'M JUST A HORNY PREGNANT LADY.
I'LL LOOK IN ON GUS.
YOU WANT ME TO GET YOU
SOME MORE HOT TEA?
IT LOOKS COLD.
- I KEPT MY TITS UP,
JUST LIKE YOU SAID.
I PRACTICALLY THREW 'EM
AT HIM.
DIDN'T DO MUCH GOOD.
- DON'T DESPAIR.
WE'LL JUST HAVE TO...
THINK OF ANOTHER WAY
TO GET HIS ATTENTION,
THAT'S ALL.
- WELL,
THEN WE BETTER THINK FAST
BECAUSE THAT WOMAN'S
GOT MARRIAGE IN HER EYES.
- I'VE GOT AN EXTRA TICKET
FOR THE IRONMEN'S GAME
ON SUNDAY.
WHO WANTS TO GO?
I'VE GOT AN EXTRA TICKET
FOR 42ND STREET.
WHO WANTS TO GO?
[overlapping exclamations]
I'M JUST--
I'M JUST TESTING.
HOW ABOUT YOU, EM?
THEY'RE IN THE SKYBOX.
A THANK-YOU GIFT FROM
THE STAR QUARTERBACK HIMSELF.
- I DON'T THINK SO.
- COME ON.
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO TURNED ME ON
TO HIM IN THE FIRST PLACE.
YOU EVER SEEN HIM PLAY?
- NOT ON THE FIELD.
- THEY SAY HE'S INCREDIBLY FAST
AND STRONG.
- AS MUCH AS I'D LOVE TO GO,
I-I PROMISED I WOULDN'T.
- PROMISED WHO?
- THEN AGAIN, HOW MANY SEATS
DOES THAT STADIUM HOLD?
- I DON'T KNOW.
80,000?
- 80,000?
- MM-HMM.
- WELL, YOU COULD HARDLY
PICK OUT A FACE IN THAT CROWD.
RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- SAY, UM, TEDDY,
I WAS JUST WONDERING,
DO YOU THINK
MAYBE YOU COULD SCORE
AN EXTRA PAIR
OF THOSE TICKETS FOR ME?
- WELL, I COULD TRY.
I HAVE A FRIEND
WHO MIGHT LIKE TO GO.
[phone beeps]
- WHAT?
- THERE'S A JEFFREY PENDERGRASS
TO SEE YOU.
HE SAYS HE DOESN'T
HAVE AN APPOINTMENT.
- HE WANTS TO HIT ON ME.
- WHO DOESN'T?
- EXCEPT HE WANTS MONEY.
SEND HIM IN.
- OKAY.
GO ON IN.
- THEY TELL ME YOU'RE THE GUY
TO GET IN BED WITH.
- WELL, YOU'LL HAVE TO COME BACK
AFTER OFFICE HOURS FOR THAT.
- I KNOW YOU'RE A BUSY MAN,
SO LET ME CUT TO THE CHASE.
- CHRIST,
I HATE THAT EXPRESSION.
- I UNDERSTAND YOU'RE ONE
OF THE MOST SUCCESSFUL
GAY BUSINESSMEN
IN PITTSBURGH.
- WHOEVER TOLD YOU THAT
WAS DEAD WRONG.
I'M T MOST SUCCESSFUL
GAY BUSINESSMAN.
- ALL THE MORE REASON THEN.
I'D LIKE YOUR CLIENTS
TO BE CORPORATE SPONSORS
FOR THE LIBERTY RIDE.
- I SEE.
LET ME CUT TO THE CHASE.
WHAT'S IN IT FOR THEM?
MORE IMPORTANT,
WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME?
- TWO VERY GOOD QUESTIONS.
FIRST,
YOUR CLIENTS' CONTRIBUTIONS
WILL GENERATE PUBLICITY
AND GOODWILL
THAT ADVERTISING CAN'T BUY.
PLUS, THEY'LL BE CULTIVATING
PRODUCT LOYALTIES IN A MARKET
THAT HAS HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS
IN DISPOSABLE INCOME.
- WELL, I ALREADY KNOW THAT.
MY SECOND QUESTION--
WHAT'S IN THE CRACKER JACK BOX
FOR ME?
- A VERY PERSONAL THANK-YOU
FROM ME,
AND A WARM, GOOEY FEELING
INSIDE.
- [laughs]
JEFFREY, YOU DISAPPOINT ME.
I THOUGHT YOU'D COME UP
WITH SOMETHING
MORE ORIGINAL THAN THAT.
SO DO WE HAVE TIME
FOR ONE LAST QUESTION?
WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU?
- A LIVING.
- FINALLY, AN HONEST ANSWER.
HOW REFRESHING.
- ANYTHING WRONG WITH THAT?
- NOT AT ALL.
I'M ALL IN FAVOR
OF PEOPLE MAKING MONEY.
WHAT I'M NOT IN FAVOR OF IS
TELLING OTHERS HOW TO SPEND IT.
- IT'S FOR A WORTHY CAUSE.
BESIDES, THEY CAN AFFORD IT.
- THAT'S VERY TRUE.
BUT IT'S NOT A REASON
WHY THEY SHOULD GIVE IT TO YOU.
- WELL, HOW ABOUT THIS THEN?
IT WOULDN'T BE VERY GOOD
FOR YOUR CLIENTS' P.R.
IF THEY WERE PERCEIVED
AS BEING HOMOPHOBIC.
AND IT WOULDN'T HELP
YOUR REPUTATION MUCH
IF WORD GOT OUT
THAT YOU WERE INSENSITIVE
TO THE NEEDIEST MEMBERS
OF YOUR COMMUNITY.
- [chuckles]
WHY, JEFFREY, ARE YOU
TURNING THE SCREWS ON ME?
- COURSE NOT.
I'M MERELY POINTING OUT
WHY IT'S SO IMPORTANT
THAT WE ALL OPEN
OUR HEARTS AND CHECKBOOKS
AND GIVE AS GENEROUSLY
AS WE CAN.
- [breathing heavily]
[crowd cheering]
- BLUE 44.
BLUE 44.
SET. HIKE.
[players grunting]
- GO, BOYD.
- GET PAST THOSE MOTHERFUCKERS!
- RUN, DAMN IT.
RUN!
[crowd cheering]
- [blows whistle]
[techno music]
*
- OH, MY GOD!
DID YOU SEE THAT?
- MWAH!
- * [vocalizing]
- THAT WAS SOME PLAY, HUH?
- I'LL SAY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU GOT
THESE TICKETS, IN THE SKYBOX.
- I'M GLAD
YOU'RE HAVING A GOOD TIME.
- WELL, I'LL TELL YOU
THE TRUTH, I'M NOT.
- YOU'RE NOT?
- I'M HAVING A GREAT TIME!
- OH.
[laughs]
I HOPE
KATHERINE DOESN'T MIND.
- THAT I WENT TO THE GAME
WITH A FRIEND?
- CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS
IS THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE
I'VE EVER BEEN
TO A FOOTBALL GAME?
- EASILY.
- I HAD NO IDEA
IT'D BE SO EXCITING.
I FEEL LIKE
WE'RE BACK IN ANCIENT ROME,
YOU KNOW,
SITTING IN THE COLOSSEUM,
WATCHING THE GLADIATORS,
WEARING THOSE FABULOUS
OFF-THE-SHOULDER TOGAS.
- YEAH, SOMEHOW, I PICTURE US
MORE AS LION CHOW,
BUT I'M GLAD
YOU'RE ENJOYING IT.
IN FACT, YOU HAVEN'T TAKEN
YOUR EYES OFF OF DREW BOYD
SINCE WE SAT DOWN.
- THAT'S JUST BECAUSE
HE'S SUCH A DYNAMIC
AND POWERFUL PLAYER.
- ADMIT IT,
YOU'RE IN LOVE WITH HIM.
- AM NOT.
- [chuckles]
AFTER SEEING HIM
IN HIS UNDERWEAR,
I HAVE TO CONFESS,
SO AM I.
[laughs]
- OH.
- HI.
- DREW JUST SCORED.
- I DIDN'T DO SO BAD MYSELF.
- OH, MY GOD.
- WHAT?
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
- NOTHING.
UM, UH, COME ON, LET'S, UM--
LET'S--LET'S GO.
- GO?
GO? BUT THERE ARE SECONDS
LEFT ON THE CLOCK
WITH A TIED SCORE.
- EMMETT? IS THAT YOU?
- OH, HI, SIERRA.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I DIDN'T EXACTLY THINK
FOOTBALL WAS YOUR THING.
- UM, I'M HERE
WITH MY FRIEND, TED.
HE'S THE ONE WHO PICKED DREW
FOR THE UNDERWEAR AD.
- OH, SO YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S RESPONSIBLE
FOR ALL THOSE WOMEN DROOLING
WHEN THEY SEE THAT AD.
- NOT TO MENTION A CERTAIN
SEGMENT OF THE MALE POPULATION.
- I'M SIERRA, DREW'S FIANCEE.
- OH, CONGRATULATIONS.
UH, HE'S QUITE A GUY.
- YES, IT SEEMS
I LANDED THE BIG ONE.
- YOU CERTAINLY DID.
WELL, IT'S NICE
TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
- WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
DREW WOULD BE SO DISAPPOINTED
IF YOU DIDN'T STOP
BY THE LOCKER ROOM
TO SAY HELLO.
- I-I'D LOVE TO,
BUT WE'RE WITH FRIENDS.
- SO BRING THEM ALONG.
- I CAN MEET THE TEAM?
- GOT ONE CHANCE.
- THIS IS IT!
[whistle blows]
- TOUCHDOWN!
[crowd cheering]
- IRONMEN WIN!
[techno music]
[sports announcer
speaking indistinctly]
- A VICTORY FOR THE IRONMEN.
YOUR FINAL SCORE,
37 TO 31...
- OKAY, EVERYONE,
FOLLOW ME.
- WITH JUST A FEW TICKS
ON THE CLOCK.
ISN'T THAT UNBELIEVABLE?
- WHY WOULDN'T HE JUST COME OUT
AND SAY HE HAS A BOYFRIEND?
- YOU KNOW HOW KIDS
HIS AGE ARE.
HE'S TRYING TO DEVELOP
A SENSE OF SELF,
WHICH OFTEN INCLUDES
NOT COMMUNICATING WITH PARENTS.
- WE'RE NOT OTHER PARENTS.
WE'RE HIP, YOU KNOW?
WE ARE...
COOL.
- YOU THINK SO?
- HEY, PAL.
- I ORDERED OUR FAVORITE:
"MIGHTY MAN MEAT."
SAUSAGE, PEPPERONI,
MEATBALL, HAM, AND BACON.
- OUCH!
- NOT TO WORRY.
MUSHROOM AND TOFU FOR YOU.
- SO, DUDE, WHAT'S NEW?
- NOTHING, DUDE.
- THAT'S NOT WHAT I HEAR.
SO YOU GOT A FRIEND.
MICHAEL AND I WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT WE THINK IT'S GREAT.
IN FACT, I WISH I HAD
A BOYFRIEND WHEN I WAS YOUR AGE.
- ALL THOSE MISSED BLOW JOBS.
- SO WHAT IS HE LIKE, HUH?
IS HE SMART, BOOKISH?
- MUSCULAR, ATHLETIC?
- ALL OF THE ABOVE.
- YOU TWO HAD SEX YET?
- NO.
- UH, IT'S OKAY.
WE'RE ALL GAY MEN HERE.
BECAUSE IF YOU DO,
IT'S IMPORTANT YOU PROTECT HIM,
AS WELL AS YOURSELF, ESPECIALLY
CONSIDERING YOUR HIV STATUS.
YOU HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY.
- DON'T WORRY.
I'LL BE CAREFUL.
- SO?
WHEN DO WE GET TO MEET HIM?
- I DON'T KNOW.
- WE'RE VERY OPEN-MINDED.
- DOESN'T MATTER IF HE
HAS TATTOOS, BODY PIERCINGS.
HE DOESN'T, DOES HE?
- LOOK...
I DON'T HAVE A...
BOYFRIEND, OKAY?
- W-WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU TOLD ME--
- I TOLD YOU I HAD A FRIEND.
I DIDN'T SAY IT WAS A BOY.
- WELL, IF IT'S NOT A BOY...
- IT'S A...
[clicks tongue]
[indistinct chatter]
- HEY.
- HEY, HON.
DREW, THIS IS CARL AND DEBBIE,
AND YOU REMEMBER TED.
- IT'S A REAL THRILL,
MR. BOYD.
- CALL ME DREW.
- DREW. YEAH.
- YOU WERE AMAZING
OUT THERE, DREW.
- OH, THANK YOU.
- I'LL SAY.
HE'S FUCKING CUTE TOO.
[laughs]
SO WHEN'S THE WEDDING?
both: JUNE.
[both laugh]
- OH, UH, SWEETHEART,
LOOK WHO'S HERE.
EMMETT HONEYCUTT, REMEMBER?
HE PLANNED
OUR ENGAGEMENT DINNER.
- YEAH, SURE.
IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I'M GONNA TAKE MY HONEY HOME
AND CHILL OUT.
- SEE YOU, EMMETT.
NICE MEETING EVERYONE.
- BYE.
- CHAMPAGNE?
- NO, THANKS.
IT MAKES ME PUKE.
I'M SERIOUS.
I COULD KNOCK BACK
A DOZEN TEQUILAS,
NO PROBLEMO.
ONE GLASS OF THAT STUFF
AND IT'S "OU EST LA TOILETTE?"
- THAT'S TOO BAD.
YOU KNOW, THIS CHAMPAGNE
IS REALLY VERY--
- EXPENSIVE, YEAH.
WHAT IS THAT?
220 A POP?
- WELL, IF YOU EXCUSE ME,
I'M GOING TO GO AND, UM...
- AH.
PLEASE, BE MY GUEST.
AND SOMETHING TELLS ME
I'M IN THE WRONG BUSINESS.
- WHY IS THAT?
- THE SUITE, THE CHAMPAGNE.
SEEMS LIKE CHARITY WORK'S WHERE
THE BIG BUCKS ARE THESE DAYS.
- LIKE I SAID,
IT'S A LIVING.
- YEAH, A VERY GOOD LIVING.
- SO...
I ASSUME YOU'VE GIVEN
OUR CONVERSATION SOME THOUGHT.
- YEAH, I'VE THOUGHT ABOUT IT.
BUT BEFORE I GET
INTO BED WITH SOMEONE,
I LIKE TO DO
A LITTLE RESEARCH.
UH, YOU JUST CAN'T BE
TOO CAREFUL THESE DAYS.
- ISN'T THAT THE TRUTH?
SO WHAT DID YOU FIND OUT?
- UH, THAT YOU'RE A HELL
OF A FUND-RAISER.
- [chuckles]
WELL...
I'M SORRY YOU WASTED
THE LEGWORK THERE.
I COULD'VE TOLD YOU THAT.
- DO YOU MIND?
- BE MY GUEST.
- IT SEEMS
THAT THE ORGANIZATIONS,
THEY DON'T SEE MUCH
IN THE END,
WHAT WITH THE FANCY HOTELS
AND CHAMPAGNE, CAVIAR,
LAVISH KICKOFF PARTIES,
WHICH, BY THE WAY,
THE CHARITIES PAY FOR,
NOT YOU.
- FOR HOW HARD I WORK
AND FOR THE AMOUNT I BRING IN,
I DESERVE A NICE LIFESTYLE.
BESIDES, EVERYONE PROFITS.
TAX WRITE-OFFS,
GOODWILL, PUBLICITY.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM,
AS LONG AS EVERYTHING'S
ON THE UP AND UP?
- WHAT ABOUT DENVER?
- WELL, DIDN'T SOME
LOCAL AIDS ORGANIZATION
SUE YOU FOR SWINDLING THEM
OUT OF MONEY
THAT YOU SPENT
ON YOURSELF?
- THOSE WERE--
[sighs]
THOSE WERE TOTALLY LEGITIMATE
BUSINESS EXPENSES--
OFFICE, TRAVEL.
- MORE CAVIAR?
- NO, THANKS. I--
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING,
BRIAN?
- JUST THAT WHEN
SOME EARNEST DO-GOODER
BLOWS INTO TOWN
AND STARTS THREATENING ME
UNLESS I HELP HIM,
I HAVE A LEGITIMATE REASON
TO ASK A FEW QUESTIONS...
AND GET A FEW ANSWERS.
- THOSE ACCUSATIONS WERE TOTALLY
UNTRUE AND UNSUBSTANTIATED.
AND WHAT THEY
DIDN'T TELL YOU
IS THEY STILL
MADE 1/4 MILLION
EVEN AFTER MY SHARE.
- HMM.
GOD, IMAGINE WHAT
THEY WOULD'VE MADE BEFORE IT.
SO WE'LL JUST MAKE SURE
THAT EVERY CENT YOU RAISE HERE
IN PROVINCIAL
LITTLE PITTSBURGH
GOES EXACTLY
WHERE IT'S SUPPOSED TO GO.
[champagne pouring]
[doorbell rings]
- GOT IT.
OH. OH. OH.
[laughs]
LOOK, GUS, IT'S SAM.
HE LOVES ANSWERING THE DOOR.
COME ON IN.
- THANKS.
LINDSAY HOME?
- YEAH.
LINZ, SAM'S HERE!
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR SHOW.
I HEARD IT'S A SMASH.
- AH, THEY ALWAYS ARE.
BUT THIS ONE
WAS THANKS TO LINDSAY.
I'M OFF TO MILAN.
- THAT SHOULD BE A STEP UP
FROM PITTSBURGH.
- [laughs]
- ALTHOUGH I DOUBT
YOU'LL FIND
A DECENT BAGEL THERE EITHER.
- JUST WANTED TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
- WHY DON'T I WALK YOU
TO YOUR CAR?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
- YEAH.
MWAH.
- I COULDN'T
JUST LEAVE WITHOUT--
- YES, YOU COULD.
AND YOU SHOULD RIGHT NOW.
- WITHOUT EVEN
SAYING GOOD-BYE?
- I'M SURE
THERE ARE DOZENS OF WOMEN
YOU'VE FUCKED
WITHOUT SAYING GOOD-BYE.
- YOU KNOW
IT WASN'T JUST A FUCK,
THAT IT MEANT MORE THAN THAT.
THAT YOU MEAN--
- WOULD YOU JUST STOP?
PLEASE?
- I WANT YOU TO COME WITH ME.
- WHAT?
ARE YOU CRAZY?
- DAMN PROUD OF IT TOO.
LOOK, I HAVE MORE EX-WIVES
AND MISTRESSES
THAN SEARS HAS TIRE CENTERS.
- I'M SURE THEY'D BE PLEASED
TO HEAR THEMSELVES
COMPARED
TO A STEEL-BELTED RADIAL.
- IF YOU'D MET THEM,
YOU'D REALIZE
THAT WAS A COMPLIMENT.
BUT I'VE NEVER FELT LIKE THIS.
LOOK...
JUST THINK ABOUT IT.
I CAN SEND YOU A TICKET.
- I HAVE A FAMILY, SAM...
RIGHT THERE,
ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THAT DOOR.
- BUT THAT'S NOT ALL YOU ARE.
THERE'S SO MUCH MORE TO YOU
THAN THAT.
WHY DON'T YOU LET ME SHOW YOU?
- NO!
THIS IS WHO I AM.
AND EVEN IF A PART,
A VERY TINY PART OF ME,
WANTED SOMETHING ELSE...
I'D STILL CHOOSE
TO STAY HERE.
NOW I WANT YOU TO GO.
[car engine turns over]
[deep sigh]
- I BROUGHT YOU THAT.
IT'S A PERSIAN MELON
FROM CHILE.
- WELL, THAT'S VERY STRANGE,
CARL, BUT SWEET.
- WE WERE INVESTIGATING
A MURDER, UH,
NEAR THE FRUIT
AND VEGETABLE MARKET, SO I--
- DON'T TELL ME THOSE
KILLER TOMATOES ARE AT IT AGAIN.
[both laughing]
- I JUST WANTED TO GIVE YOU
SOMETHING, YOU KNOW,
AS A THANK-YOU
FOR TAKING ME TO THE GAME.
- MY PLEASURE.
- AND FOR MEETING DREW BOYD.
WOW.
I STILL CAN'T GET OVER THAT.
- YEAH, HE'S REALLY SOMETHING.
- SO ARE YOU.
FOR BEING SUCH A GOOD FRIEND,
I MEAN.
- [sighs]
I'LL ALWAYS BE YOUR FRIEND.
COULD I OFFER YOU
A FRIENDLY SLICE OF MELON?
- NO, THANKS.
UH, I OUGHT TO BE GOING.
- MAYBE WE COULD DO SOMETHING
ELSE FRIENDLY SOMETIME.
- YEAH, I'D LIKE THAT.
- LIKE BOWLING
OR FISHING OR...
- OR THIS.
- WAS THAT A FRIENDLY KISS?
- YEAH, I-I GUESS
YOU COULD SAY THAT.
- IN THAT CASE, IT COULD BE
A LITTLE FRIENDLIER.
[Candles Burning]
*
- * I CAN HEAR IT
LIKE A SHOUT OUT LOUD *
* THE SECOND HAND SPINNING
* I WAIT FOR YOU
* WORK YOUR WAY HOME
IN TRAFFIC OR CROWDS *
* YOU DON'T MEAN TO BE LATE,
NOTHING YOU COULD DO *
* ANY REASON AT ALL IS FINE
* I'M A REASONABLE GIRL
* AS LONG AS YOU'RE MINE
* I'LL TRY NOT TO WORRY,
HAVE A GLASS OF WINE *
* AS LONG AS YOU'RE MINE
*
* CANDLES ARE BURNING DOWN
* I'M WAITING FOR THE SOUND
- [sighs]
*
- DO YOU THINK
MAYBE IT'S JUST A PHASE?
THAT MAYBE HE HASN'T MET
THE RIGHT BOY.
- SUBSTITUTE "RIGHT GIRL"
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT MY PARENTS SAID
WHEN I TOLD THEM I WAS GAY.
- BUT WHAT ABOUT ALL THE MEN?
HE'S HAD SEX WITH MORE GUYS
THAN YOU AND I PUT TOGETHER.
- HIS MOTHER
GOT HIM STARTED ON THAT,
AND IT WAS ALWAYS FOR MONEY,
NOT LOVE.
- DO YOU THINK IT'S TRUE?
- SOUNDS LIKE HE'S DISCOVERED
WHO HE REALLY IS.
AND IT'S NOT GOING TO CHANGE
ANY MORE THAN YOU AND I
COULD CHANGE WHO WE ARE.
- WELL, WHAT ARE WE
GOING TO DO?
I MEAN, TALKING ABOUT GIRLS,
WOMEN--
I WOULDN'T KNOW
THE FIRST THING.
I'VE NEVER EVEN SLEPT
WITH ONE.
- HMM.
I HAVE...
ONCE OR TWICE.
- REALLY?
- MM-HMM.
- HOW WAS IT?
- IT WAS ALL RIGHT.
GOT A HARD-ON
AND EVERYTHING, AND...
I SUPPOSE
I PERFORMED ADEQUATELY.
AT LEAST NO ONE COMPLAINED.
BUT I ALSO REMEMBER
THINKING...
"WHY ARE GUYS
SO OBSESSED WITH THIS?
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?"
- HMM, I GUESS
THAT WAS THE FIRST CLUE.
- HMM.
THAT AND LIKING TO WEAR
MY MOM'S DRESSES.
JUST KIDDING.
[chuckles]
- SO WE'RE BOTH PRETTY USELESS
WHEN IT COMES TO GUY STUFF.
- SOMEONE ELSE WILL HAVE
TO DIRECT HIM TO THE G-SPOT.
I NEVER COULD FIND IT.
- HE CAN ASK MEL AND LINZ.
I'M SURE THEY KNOW
WHERE IT IS.
BEN...
DO YOU THINK
HE'D BE BETTER OFF WITH...
STRAIGHT PARENTS?
- WHAT?
- PEOPLE WHO'LL UNDERSTAND HIM.
- WE UNDERSTAND HIM.
HE'S STILL HUNTER.
GAY OR STRAIGHT,
IT DOESN'T MAKE A DIFFERENCE.
- IT MAY NOT MAKE
A DIFFERENCE TO US,
BUT WHAT ABOUT HIM?
[indistinct chatter]
- THAT'S OUR BOY, DREW.
- YEAH.
- CHRIST, LOOK AT HIM GO.
AH.
HE CAN DO ANYTHING.
RUN, THROW, BLOCK.
- FUCK YOU LIKE A PISTON.
- [scoffs]
YEAH.
- MAKE THAT "FUCK ME."
AND DID HE EVER,
IN EVERY POSSIBLE WAY.
- WHAT ARE YOU DRINKING?
- NOTHING, UNFORTUNATELY.
YOU MIGHT AS WELL KNOW,
TEDDY, UM...
DREW BOYD AND I
HAVE BEEN HAVING AN AFFAIR.
- [laughs]
NO.
NO, YOU DON'T.
NO, NO, NO, NO, YOU--
YOU SAID YOU'D GET BACK AT ME
THAT TIME I TOLD YOU
I MET GREG LOUGANIS
DOWN IN BARBADOS
AND SUCKED HIM OFF UNDERWATER,
AND YOU BELIEVED ME, BUT--
[laughs]
NO, TOO SMART FOR YOU.
- I'M SERIOUS.
- COME ON, YOU DON'T
EXPECT ME TO BELIEVE--
BUT THAT--
[stammering]
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
HE'S STRAIGHT.
- TELL MY ASS THAT.
WE'VE BEEN MEETING
THREE TIMES A WEEK
IN THIS LITTLE MOTEL.
I SWORE TO HIM I'D NEVER TELL.
BUT NOW IT'S OVER.
AND THE WORST PART OF IT IS...
I WAS FALLING IN LOVE
WITH THE SON OF A BITCH.
[patrons cheering]
- ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!
TOUCHDOWN!
[indistinct chatter]
- YOUR BARCELONA CHAIR WILL
LOOK GREAT IN THE LIVING ROOM.
- THANKS FOR DONATING IT FOR ME.
- HEY, GENE,
I GOT BRIAN TO DONATE
HIS $2,000 BARCELONA CHAIR.
- WITHHOLDING SEX
HAS WORKED FOR CENTURIES.
- THANKS, BUT BEFORE
WE CAN THINK OF REDECORATING,
WE'RE GOING TO NEED A ROOF
OVER OUR HEADS.
YOU KNOW THE GUY WHO WAS
ORGANIZING THE LIBERTY RIDE?
- JEFFREY PENDERGRASS?
- HE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
AT A MEETING LAST NIGHT
AT THE CENTER.
WHEN HE DIDN'T SHOW UP,
THEY CALLED HIS HOTEL.
HE'D CHECKED OUT.
- CHECKED OUT?
- SEEMS HE RESIGNED.
- AND WHAT ABOUT
THE DONATIONS?
- HE SENT A LETTER
SAYING THAT THEY ALMOST,
BUT NOT QUITE,
COVERED HIS EXPENSES.
- OH, SHIT.
- THE ONE THING WE HAD,
EVEN WHEN WE DIDN'T HAVE FUNDS,
WAS HOPE.
AND NOW,
WE DON'T EVEN HAVE THAT.
- [clears throat]
- WHERE ARE YOU OFF TO?
- LAMAZE.
- WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY SOMETHING?
I'LL JUST BE A MINUTE.
- NO NEED.
MICHAEL'S MEETING ME THERE.
- MICHAEL?
- HE'S A VERY GOOD COACH.
- I'M SURE,
BUT WHAT ABOUT ME?
- I FIGURED YOU HAD BUSINESS
WITH SAM AT THE GALLERY.
- SAM'S GONE.
- AH, BUT NOT FORGOTTEN.
I WATCHED YOU TWO
FROM THE WINDOW.
IT WAS A...
VERY TOUCHING GOOD-BYE SCENE.
- HE'S MY FRIEND,
MY MENTOR.
HE--HE'S--
- AWAKENED THINGS IN YOU?
YOUR DESIRE TO PAINT,
TO EXPRESS YOURSELF.
ANYTHING ELSE?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO TELL ME.
I KNOW.
YOU DON'T LIVE WITH SOMEONE
FOR NINE YEARS AND NOT KNOW.
[exhales tremulously]
- MEL...
- I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANY
OF YOUR BULLSHIT EXPLANATIONS.
- I WASN'T GOING TO OFFER ANY.
WHAT'S IMPORTANT IS...
IT RECONFIRMED FOR ME
THAT THIS IS WHO I AM.
THAT MY LIFE
IS WITH YOU AND GUS...
AND THE BABY.
THAT I STILL CHOOSE YOU.
- HUH.
THAT'S VERY CONVINCING
TESTIMONY.
BUT I'M NOT SO SURE THAT
I STILL CHOOSE YOU.
[door opens]
[I Look to You]
*
- * IF THERE
WAS THE SLIGHTEST CHANCE *
* THAT I WOULD LEAVE YOU
* THERE'S A GREATER CHANCE
THAT I NEVER WILL *
*
* BECAUSE YOU KEEP ME
COMING BACK *
* TO THE BEGINNING
* YOU KEEP ME DRINKING
TILL I'VE HAD MY FILL *
*
* I CAN'T SAY,
I WON'T SAY *
* THAT IT'S CONFUSING
* I LOOK TO YOU
* MY ONLY ONE
* YOUR FATHER'S SON
* I LOOK TO YOU
* INSIDE MY PAIN
* AND I WAIT
* I WAIT FOR YOU AGAIN
* I LOOK TO YOU
*
* TURN BACK THE HANDS
OF TIME *
* TO THE BEGINNING
* WHEN WE WERE JOINED
ALL THE TIME *
* IN A NEW BEGINNING
* KEEP ME COMING BACK,
BACK TO THE BEGINNING *
* I LOOK TO YOU
* MY ONLY ONE
* YOUR FATHER'S SON
* I LOOK TO YOU
* INSIDE MY PAIN
* AND I WAIT
*